---
layout: post
title:  "Behavior Questions(BQ)"
date: 2018-01-01 13:23:23 -0400
categories: articles
---


Questions

Who you are:

Why you are qualified:
Which details to share?

# Projects:

Knowledge Graph
Out of pocket price estimater 
Commerical Insurance Check
PDMP
SMP
EF Foundation

# 1. Tell Me a little a bit of yourself.
I’m a software engineer at EF health, EagleForce Health, a division of Eagleforce Associates which is focus on development the products at healthcare industry and team leader of PMP project and SMP project.

I’ like to at a fast-paced environment so right now I’m looking for an opportunity to apply my technical experience and my creative problem solving skills at an innovative software company
Uber has some talented individuals engineering talent. To see how many individuals are moving from top tier tech companies (Facebook, Google, etc) to Uber is incredible. Uber is growing at a crazy rate. I've been told many times that there is no better place to be than at a hyper-growth company.

你要会讲故事，你讲的点大多数符合面试者对你的期待(你要了解面试官对你的期待是什么), 然后故事讲的要让面试官越听越像听你继续往下讲。

# 2. Why Uber/Google/Microsoft/Amazon/Facebook/Airbnb/Hulu/eBay?

	1. Microsoft   
		Talented engineers
		Product both software and hardware. 
		A dream to be of the this orginaztion. I long term user of Microsoft project since Win95, Win98, Win2000, WinXP

# 3. Tell me your most challenge project
	Biggest mistakes that you made before.
	If the proejct requirement is not clear or always change.
 * References:
 	* [Article1](https://www.interviewsuccessformula.com/interview-questions-and-answers/on-describing-the-most-challenging-project-you-have-done-to-date.php)
 	* [Article2](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-answer-describe-important-project-youve-worked-interview-buj)

	Project: help center self check
	Challenges: 
	Comes from:
	1. couple chellenge features.
	2. Unclear requirements
	3. Team work project, to distribute task, code quality control
	4. requirement is always changed

	5. achievement 

	STAR

	1. Situction(S)
	Eligibility API is used to check the paitent insurance elgigibltiy specift prescription drugs. Client use api to check the eligiblity. However, sometime there's all a lot cases that they should be approved but the system is rejected, or vise verse. Before we just mannually to change in database, transaction look up, whitelist 

	2. Task(T)
	system can lookup transaction
	system can check patient insurance info
	system can check eligibility
	system can whichlist 
	system can add bin pcn group whitelist and blacklist
	system can add 
	system can add/remote, enable/disable drugs
	system can support single user sign
	system support generate coupon card
	system support out-out-pocket price estimate
	system support identification verficaiton
	system support plan verfication

	3. Action(S)
	There are couple technical challenges:
	restrict single user login account at one time.
	sso inorder to integrate to client's system
	out of pocket price caculator, data sources, collect data, drug prices, insurance info, insurance plans for each patients.

	Requirement is always changes:
	The ability to add new drugs should be open up to clients or only our interal employee to do.
	Open user regerestion to clients? When the at the beginning, make we all the user to registe




	Making decisions:
	Make decision to give a response in a short time. One of our client give us a new requirement during the time when system adminisor and product mananger are all on Vacation.
	System is down because their firewall's setting, because they move their service to AWS, their setting was not properly, they suddently, the system was down. I asked my college to try to connect to the system adminator and I was was focus on the system checking. He tried send message and call the SA directly, but the call is not picked up. Then I have to solve the problem by myself. Previos they use VPN tunnel to connect to our system, but this time it doesn't work. I checked our side and verfiy our server's health, everything works well. But they need to fix as soon as possible. The only way that I know is to whitelsit new IP address to allow them access our system which is the system adminster told me before he leave. Then I made decision to those this way to solve. I send email to my director to report the problem and the temp soltion I have, then ask the whether I can do in this way. He talked with their manager and confirm,  I asked for their all IP address and range, and some remote IP address who use work from home. I added their IPs and did not add the remote ones because they may volate HIAPP. I emailed them to these the added ones, and confirm with how those remote IPs work with the system. They told me those IP have to through their tunnel, not connect to our system directly. So I can add them safely. Everything as cc my mananager and director. Everything I changed I've leave the photo shot and record on notebook. Eventually, their system is back and their staff can continue to work. 


	Then want to add new feature in the new version. They are already our current user on my help center system, and want to start to use our Eligibility api, but they want to us to setup test env and upgrade the system to Oauth2.0 process for the security reason in two days. It's good and actually we already provide those services for other clients, but we have take to add this feature to their system. But at the meanwhile, my team is business with the system upgrede and test with IBM carepath system. My manager is on the vacation, I have to make decision to give them old version, to test the funciton. Because even that, we have to did a lot system setup, database system in order to allow them to access our system. And I talk my developer to focus on IBM's system upgrade and interal test. Then the really is, they did have trouble in the old system under the basic authenication process. We help them to solve the problem and meanwhile add upgraded feature to the system. Finally, my team did a good job and the client are very statificated with our technical support.

	Team/Code manangement challenges:
	The juinor development's code quality, N+1 program, DRY, ruby code conventions, documentation(update the changes on development log)

	Approach task to small trunks:


	Delegate task to team:
	Help them to break down the task into small trucks such as coupon card autopolulate. When I did the single signon, I have to make decision to choose the proper way to implement it. The goal is to implement it as soon as possible. Because no one has expercience to do it before, I have to implement it little by little. Doing research I to understand how SAML works, at that point, there are different choose to test and implement it. Because it need a lot configuration for the system, I can implement and config the system directly based the client's Idp, in these way maybe faster, or config as a third party provider such as auth0 which is eaiser to config, 


	Disagree with other's opinion:
	The disagreement in the project like when I was doing the SSO, at a final step, we tried a lot different setting and change code, eventully I can get receive the authenicated SAML. Then from logic, I can parse out the user id to authenciate the system, then login. However, one more step is to authenicate the SAML file. It will still take 1 to 2 days to finish it. My project want to deploy the code to allow client start to test. From his perspective, he wants to be deploy as soon as possible. However from my perspective, it's not done, and the verify the SAML actually is another important part to secury the system. I want to take 2 days to finish it, because it is not safe to let it go live. We are argued, I was a little bit unhappy this is a danger try, but finally, he said, he will only open seveal IP addresses to access to our system. Not to the public. Then we made the agreement. I will continue to finsih the final part, he will start to allow client to test.

	collerbation:
	Requirement is not clear. coupon wallet, because we helped medication manuatures to verify the coupon eligibility, those are just one time transaction. We patient can not get record how much money they've saved by coupon and how many coupons they can use, and it's hard to get the news or ad about perseciton drug coupon. Meanwhile, the medication cmpany do need a tool to help then to manange their coupons. They use to just generate a pdf flyer, pateint need to print out, take it to pharmacy, then and pharmcy have to apply in store. It will take time. Our business get the idea to development of the new product, that we can develop a system to help client manage their coupons. The just get a very permtive idea, not specific. We have to design the whole work flow, how this system work. The business team and our tech team did a lot meeting and perpose to figure out the workflow. Finally we designed 4 indepentes system we 4 people did each differnt system independly. While there are a lot problems at both front design and back end design. We debate a lot in database design, communication, code quality control, version control. Because we want to take as a new project at the meeting with Walgreens who is our client and need the service. We 


	adaptation:
	Requirement always changes. The requirement can be from no to suddenly need to get something done. Sometime will be from one ungert requirement to anohter ungert requirement. Such as in MIT. Before Himss, a conference where we want to show I want doing the digital signature implement regireset as payment, directly and generate account. And after login. I told them that I can't finished both together, for first, I can finished, the sign the signature in an attached file, that file will be always genreated. I finsihded the first part, then give that job to a front end guy how can help to genrerate a beautiful, standard, perfessional PDF. Then in take over the payement function. Both mobile side and web side. Starting we the Stripe offical docuemnt, and try the test case, desgin the payment workflow, defintily did a lot disucssion with other guys and the product manager to get to know their independent functionnatliies. Then how to categrate their. Finally, I did it, it can perfectly get make the payment and as gust. And I even implement send email to guest as confirmation.



	Saving card project:





	Method

	1. pdmp is the most challege project.
	2. 



	Build the data model

	因为我没觉得他有多challenge，都是现成的技术。因为你老是嫌你的技术不够难，不够challenge。

	we want to build a system to 

	Provider register, verfication, analysis, and display.

	Process the transaction.

### make sure it isn't boring: interesting is a key word here.

problem-solving skills you have and what level of seniority you are as a developer.

	*You choices, or trade-offs, why?*



# 4. You strength and weakness.
	### Strength
	1. A big-picture person or a detail-oriented
	2. Good team player, love to listen and sharing.
	3. Initiative, ownership and willing to lead and take responsibility.

	### Weakness
	1. English speaking
	2. Still not an expert
# 5. Why do you want this job?
	Definitally, like I said, 

# 6. What are your greatest professional strengths?



# 7. What do you consider to be your weaknesses?


# 8. What is your greatest professional achievement?


# 9. What's your role in your team?


# 10. Where do you see yourself in five years?


# 11. What factor makes to descide choose a new offer?
	1) The thing which I will do is valuable.
	2) The work I can use my strength.
	3) The team envrioment.
	4) compensation.

# 12. What other companies are you interviewing with?
	
	1) 

# 13. Why are you leaving your current job?

	1) 
	2) 

# 15. What are you looking for in a new position?

	1) 
	2) 
	3) 

# 21. Why was there a gap in your employment?


# 23. How do you deal with pressure or stressful situations?


# 31. Do you have any questions for us? 


# 32. Introduce the 

Events
Month 24th Sep 


At Uber, we believe in collaboration and sharing ideas. Most importantly, you'll need more information from the interviewer to analyze & answer the question to its full extent.

It's OK to question your interviewer.
When asked to provide a solution, first define and frame the problem as you see it.
If you don't understand - ask for help or clarification.
If you need to assume something - verbally check its a correct assumption,
Describe how you want to tackle solving each part of the question.
Always let your interviewer know what you are thinking as he/she will be as interested in your process of thought as your solution.
Also, if you're stuck, they may provide hints if they know what you're doing.
Finally, listen - don't miss a hint if your interviewer is trying to assist you!
Interviewers will be looking at the approach to questions as much as the answer:
Does the candidate listen carefully and comprehend the question?
Are the correct questions asked before proceeding? (important!)
Is brute force used to solve a problem? (not good!)
Are things assumed without first checking? (not good!)
Are hints heard and heeded?
Is the candidate slow to comprehend / solve problems? (not good!)
Does the candidate enjoy finding multiple solutions before choosing the best one?
Are new ideas and methods of tackling a problem sought?
Is the candidate inventive and flexible in their solutions and open to new ideas?
Can questioning move up to more complex problem solving?
Still reading...?

 

Sample Topics:

Coding Sample topics: construct / traverse data structures, implement system routines, distill large data sets to single values, transform one data set to another.
Algorithm Design / Analysis Sample topics: big-O analysis, sorting and hashing, handling obscenely large amounts of data. Also see topics listed under 'Coding'.
System Design Sample topics: features sets, interfaces, class hierarchies, designing a system under certain constraints, simplicity and robustness, tradeoffs.
Open-Ended Discussion Sample topics: biggest challenges faced, best/worst designs seen, performance analysis and optimization, testing, ideas for improving existing products.
ALWAYS test your code




